h2. Internal Link Checker

**Version: _v0.6_**

> **Updates** available via the official "wp.org plugin repository":http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/internal-link-checker/.

Adds a meta box to the post edit screen that shows all internal links from other posts to the currently displayed post. This way you can easily check if you should fix links before deleting a post. There are no options needed. The plugin works out of the box - **just activate**!

----------------------------------------------------------------

h3. Example

No examples needed - works out of the box.

h3. How-to

By default, the plugin gets this columns from <code>wp_posts</code> table: <code>ID, post_title, post_date, post_content, post_type</code>.
And its Meta Box displays the following: ID, Title and Date.
In case you want to extend its functionality you can use the available hooks

h4. Modifying the Meta Box output

<pre>
function modify_internallink_metabox_content( $sql_result ) {
	// Uncomment the follwing line to see what the $sql_result array contains
	// The links array contains all posts (and their respective data) 
	// that link to the current post
	echo '<'.'pre>'.var_dump( $sql_result ).'<'.'/pre>';

	// Now handle the result:
	foreach ( $sql_result as $link )
	{
		// do stuff
	}

	return print $sql_result;
}
// Add the action to the admin_init hook
function add_internallink_action() {
	add_action( 'internal_links_meta_box', 'modify_internallink_metabox_content', 10 ); 
}
add_action( 'admin_init', 'add_internallink_action' );
</pre>

h4. Adding post types 

The default is only 'posts'.

<pre>
function add_post_types_ilc( $cpts )
{
    $cpts[] = 'pages';
    return $cpts;
}
add_filter( 'internal_links_post_types', 'add_post_types_ilc' );
</pre>

h4. Adding columns 

<pre>
function add_column_ilc( $cols ) 
{
    $columns = array(
        'ID' => 'ID'
       ,'post_title' => 'Title'
       ,'post_date'  => 'Date'
       ,'post_type'  => 'Post type'
    );
    return $columns;
}
add_filter( 'internal_links_table_columns', 'add_column_ilc' );
</pre>

h4. Adding sortable columns 

<pre>
function add_sortable_column_ilc( $cols ) 
{
    $sortable = array(
        'ID' => array( 'ID', true )
       ,'post_title'  => array( 'post_date', true )
       ,'post_date'  => array( 'post_date', true )
       ,'post_type'  => array( 'post_type', true )
    );
    return $sortable;
}
add_filter( 'internal_links_sortable_columns', 'add_sortable_column_ilc' );
</pre>

h4. Modify posts per page 

<pre>
function posts_per_page_ilc($number) 
{
    return 8;
}
add_filter( 'internal_links_per_page', 'posts_per_page_ilc' );
</pre>


h3. Stylesheets

Not needed.

h3. Languages

Translation ready.

Languages included:
EN/DE ("Patrick Matsumura":https://github.com/patrickmatsumura)
pt_BR/es_ES ("Rodolfo Buaiz":https://github.com/brasofilo)

h4. Authors

visit "Franz Josef Kaiser":https://github.com/franz-josef-kaiser at github | or get social at "G+":https://plus.google.com/u/0/107110219316412982437
visit "Patrick Matsumura":https://github.com/patrickmatsumura at github | or get social at "G+":https://plus.google.com/u/0/110601372184256601089
visit "Rodolfo Buaiz":https://github.com/brasofilo at github | or get social at "G+":http://gplus.to/brasofilo

----------------------------------------------------------------

h4. Changelog

* _v0.1_     First version
* _v0.1.1_   Should now work with post titles & post slugs/names
* _v0.1.2_   Meta box content now displays inside an unordered list
* _v0.1.2_   Added screenshot, readme.txt for wp.org repo & fixed not echoing that there are no links
* _v0.1.3_   Minor fixes
* _v0.2_     Moved to a class, added translation files loading fn.
* _v0.2.1_   Minor fixes, added translation - props patrickmatsumura (see authors file)
* _v0.2.2_   Added authors file, added check for unique links
* _v0.2.4_   Added markup & markup filter functions and a initial settings array for further extension
* _v0.2.5_   Added auto-correction for li elements & container
* _v0.2.6_   Added singular/plural translation strings. Grouped results by post type column.
* _v0.2.6.1_ Reworked translation files.
* _v0.2.6.2_ Avoids loading on every $_REQUEST. Now only loads on post.php in admin (post/page/cpt new/edit) screens
* _v0.2.6.3_ Added mu-plugins directory for l10n lang files loading.
* _v0.2.6.4_ Changed meta box title to "Internal Links" to not have long titles in screen options tab.
* _v0.2.6.5_ Added wrapper function to call plugin data
* _v0.2.6.6_ Moved Text Domain to plugin header comment for easier maintainance and transparency 
* _v0.2.7_   Added native WP admin UI table to the meta box 
* _v0.2.7.1_ Moved to admin edit post permalinks 
* _v0.2.8_   Added better update messages for plugin list screen
* _v0.2.9_   Moved from a filter for the meta box to an action to override the output of the meta box content
* _v0.3_     Language & Typo fixes. Final, stable 0.3 release.
* _v0.4_     Now supports pagination for the meta box to take less space in the UI in cases where there are more than just a few links
* _v0.5_     Now supports sorting by column
* _v0.5.1_   Separate textdomain function
* _v0.5.2_   Prepared SQL
* _v0.5.3_   Alignment for code in repo
* _v0.5.4_   Empty posts fix
* _v0.6_     Major improvements in code length
* _v0.6.1_   Shortened admin table class
* _v1.1_     Fully tested and stable.